feat: add arangodb module (#3083)
testcontainers/testcontainers-go: docs/modules/arangodb.md

- `testcontainers.ContainerCustomizer`, a variadic argument for passing options.

### Container Options

When starting the ArangoDB container, you can pass options in a variadic way to configure it.

#### Image

Use the second argument in the `Run` function to set a valid Docker image.
In example: `Run(context.Background(), "arangodb:3.11.5")`.

{% include "../features/common_functional_options.md" %}

#### WithRootPassword

- Not available until the next release of testcontainers-go <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: main</span></a>

The `WithRootPassword` function sets the root password for the ArangoDB container.

### Container Methods

The ArangoDB container exposes the following methods:

#### Credentials

- Not available until the next release of testcontainers-go <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: main</span></a>

The `Credentials` method returns the credentials for the ArangoDB container, in the form of a tuple of two strings: the username and the password.

```golang
func (c *Container) Credentials() (string, string)
```

> #### TransportAddress
> 
> - Not available until the next release of testcontainers-go <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: main</span></a>
> 
> The `TransportAddress` method returns the transport address of the ArangoDB container, using the following format: `http://$host:$port`.

Author: ```suggestion
#### HTTPEndpoint

- Not available until the next release of testcontainers-go <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: main</span></a>

The `HTTPEndpoint` method returns the HTTP endpoint of the ArangoDB container, using the following format: `http://$host:$port`.
```
